Privacy and confidentiality are our topmost priority. We sign the strict non-disclosure agreement with our clients and employees.

To avoid any issues regarding security of data and project’s implementation, we offer robust and scalable agreements with clients. We believe that “Disciplined work gives the extension to the relationship”. We are always ready to sign Non-Disclosure Agreements (NDA) to enhance the work quality and neglect security issues regarding any form of project materials.

At GreenAppleX, confidentiality of your project and security of your data is of utmost importance. We have competent measures in place that ensure the security of your data in our development center.

Not only your data security is a critical element for maintaining the long-term relationship with you, your data is what your business is based on and by taking care of your business, we take care of our business too.

Here are a few points that highlight the data security measures we take:

Security
Technology
All workstations and servers are protected by both hardware and software firewalls which are automatically updated.

Daily scanning of all workstations and servers.

All communication or data interchange from workstations are controlled and properly logged to ensure the highest level of protection for client’s data and intellectual property.

Office
Fire alarms and carbon monoxide alarms are set up across the office premises.

24 X 7 CCTV cameras for safety and security of workplace.

Secure access to any communication medium for employees and guest.

Electronic card and biometric security system to get access to any place in office premises.

Scalability
Technology
We use data centers with cloud computing infrastructure in USA to ensure that any amount of data is backed up.

We continuously revisit our software portfolio and newly available softwares in market to check possibility of any productivity increase through their implementation.

Client NDA
We require an NDA (Non-Disclosure Agreement) with our clients to ensure a confidential development environment within each project. We openly discuss at length issues regarding security and other areas of concern. This discussion discloses the amount of data needed to be collected, which person(s) will be authorized to access information, and the possible risks involved.

NDA with Employees
We also sign a Non Disclosure Agreement (NDA) with each of our employees at hire. We clearly state that failing to uphold the agreement is ground for legal action and termination. We regularly update employees about the importance of data protection and provide updated practices to ensure company standards are not compromised.

If you have any questions about this privacy policy or GreenAppleX treatment of your personal information,

Connect with us: +1 347 270 8590